README.md, before:

# Developer Hub CRM

A modern CRM for developers to manage professional relationships and
networking.

## Features

### ✅ Implemented

- **Contact Management** - Full CRUD with VIP support, GitHub
  integration
- **Interaction Tracking** - Log meetings, calls, emails, and messages
- **Search & Filters** - Find contacts and interactions quickly
- **Authentication** - Secure login/register with Better Auth
- **Auto-Updates** - Contacts automatically track last contacted date

### 🚧 In Progress

- **Smart Follow-ups** - Backend complete, UI pending
- **Dashboard Widgets** - Enhanced metrics and insights

### 📋 Planned

- **Quick Connect** - QR codes for instant GitHub profile imports
- **Dark/Light Mode** - Theme toggle

## Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: SvelteKit + Svelte 5 + Tailwind v4 + daisyUI v5
- **Database**: SQLite (raw SQL)
- **Auth**: Better Auth
- **Hosting**: Coolify

## Development Setup

```bash
# Clone and install
git clone https://github.com/spences10/developer-hub-crm.git
cd developer-hub-crm
pnpm install

# Start dev server
pnpm run dev
```

## License

MIT

Commit message:

feat(follow-ups): implement follow-ups management with CRUD operations and filtering

README.md, after:

# Developer Hub CRM

A modern CRM for developers to manage professional relationships and
networking.

## Features

### ✅ Implemented

- **Contact Management** - Full CRUD with VIP support, GitHub
  integration
- **Interaction Tracking** - Log meetings, calls, emails, and messages
- **Follow-ups** - Schedule and track follow-ups with overdue alerts
- **Search & Filters** - Find contacts, interactions, and follow-ups
  quickly
- **Authentication** - Secure login/register with Better Auth
- **Auto-Updates** - Contacts automatically track last contacted date

### 🚧 In Progress

- **Dashboard Widgets** - Enhanced metrics and insights

### 📋 Planned

- **Quick Connect** - QR codes for instant GitHub profile imports
- **Dark/Light Mode** - Theme toggle

## Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: SvelteKit + Svelte 5 + Tailwind v4 + daisyUI v5
- **Database**: SQLite (raw SQL)
- **Auth**: Better Auth
- **Hosting**: Coolify

## Development Setup

```bash
# Clone and install
git clone https://github.com/spences10/developer-hub-crm.git
cd developer-hub-crm
pnpm install

# Start dev server
pnpm run dev
```

## License

MIT
